Okay, so I'm gonna reintroduce you
to two very simple string commands.
Both you've already met.
Echo is one.
So echo can do strings
and all it does is take the argument
and echo it onto the output.
But this is useful for then piping
something else like say.
Remy.
I'm not sure how my computer pronounces my name,
but we can echo that out to,
we can pipe that into say,
and say, well read out that whole thing.
So if we want to freak out our friends,
hello I am a computer, and so on.
And cat, the typical use for cat
is to take the contents of a file
and put it on the screen.
So if I take one of my blog posts,
my-2013 for instance,
that'll take the contents of that file
and just print it to the screen.
From there, if I wanted to, I could do a count.
I could say it all.
Probably a bit dull, but I could say it.
I could do other things with that as well.
But once we can cat out the contents of a file,
there's lots of other things we can do with it,
which we will see in the next video.
So those two very basic commands,
useful for just getting content out
to send it out to them,
feed into another programme.